SIS-750 Data Analysis: Presentation
================

## Introduction

This presentation highlights data and preliminary results from a pilot
survey conducted in Delhi, India in July 2022 to support my doctoral
dissertation project. The project asks: what explains variation in
public trust in local democratic institutions, specifically the
Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), among citizens living in
conditions of high urban informality?

The presentation focuses on two aspects of the research: trust in the
MCD across the sample of households and trust in the MCD conditional on
having a Residents’ Welfare Associaton (RWA), a type of neighborhood
association.

## Methods

The preliminary pilot survey comprised of 264 households across 8
unauthorized colonies in Southeast Delhi, combined with interviews with
neighborhood association leaders in each colony. 246 households
responded to the question on trust in the MCD.

## Key Results

A key finding is that the presence of a Residents’ Welfare Association
(RWA), a type of neighborhood association is associated with higher
levels of trust, as evident by calculating relative frequencies across
trust levels.

## Acknowledgements

I’m grateful for feedback and support from Prof. Adam Auerbach. Special
thanks to Across Research and Communication Pvt. Ltd. for conducting the
survey in Delhi, and to Umang Bhansali for excellent research
assistance. This research is funded by the School of International
Service, American University and the APSA Centennial Center.

I’m also grateful to Prof. Austin Hart for providing feedback on how to
improve the presentation.
